leadership experience in Product Management; demonstrated success launching and driving.
Strategic thinker.
presenting.
Problem-solving, design-thinking, customer-centric mindset; highly proactive with a positive ""can do"" attitude.
Experience developing product roadmaps for data and/or technical solutions in a B2B environment.
Strong communicator.
demonstrated ability.
collaborator.
leading through influence.
developing and growing talent.
managing teams.
Defines multiple products.
creating vision, strategy and .
own and manage end-to-end architecture.
define the roadmap and strategy.
understand the big picture.
strategy, drive design and technical implementation, and architect innovative solutions.
This position requires excellent client services and technical skills; expertise with architecture, design, and implementation of information security software, identity and access management system, or enterprise software; and documentation experience.
candidates should have a high energy level, and the ability to communicate clearly and effectively with both business and technical audiences.
Partner with business and Super Users to simplify and standardize processes to meet industry best practices and keep customizations in the core to the bare minimum.
Work on cross-functional projects/teams to deliver technology solutions for the business, act as adviser and coach to junior team members.
deliver complex technology solutions.
Demonstrated executive presence and influence, ability to build client relationships and create client satisfaction throughout the application lifecycle.
Ability to set and manage priorities judiciously.
Ability to articulate ideas to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Superior analytical, evaluative, and problem-solving abilities.
Collaborate with key leaders and clinicians.
Understand business objectives and user needs to translate into requirements.
Leverage statistical testing and experimental design methodologies to determine impact of organizational actions.
Participate in building, testing, and deploying ML (machine learning), DP (deep learning), AI (artificial intelligence), and NLP (natural language processing) applications to produce value from Cox Communications data assets.